Okay, I also understand
It's true that there was no better woman than you at that time
I will promise you a proposal today. Okay.
Thank you, Mr. Li.
From now on, Mr. Li
He is my Jiang family's fast son-in-law
You're welcome.
Come on, I'll take you to the high platform
Take your bridal seat
Okay, now it's my turn to announce
Jiang Binyao, the daughter of the Beidu Jiang family
She was the star of my wedding today
My Bride
For example, if you want to eat soft rice, go somewhere else to eat
Today is my wedding to the second young master
What!
You said today is your wedding to Li Dong
Of course I have broken off my engagement with you
Now the second young master is my groom
Tang Aoxue, you are ungrateful
Did you forget that I booked this hotel?
So what do you decide?
Do I need this money?
I can give you money.
But today
I have to finish my wedding with the second young master here
You want to eat soft rice
Eat elsewhere
Talk to my husband
Put away your hateful face
How dare you hit me?
Why are you just a Tang family?
Dare to challenge the Jiang family
Believe me or not
Remove your Tang family from Yuncheng